🚧Improve release notes grammar and spelling (#477)
KinsonDigital/Velaptor: Documentation/ReleaseNotes/PreviewReleases/Release-Notes-v1.0.0-preview.3.md

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">New Features ✨</h2>

1. Greatly improved the process of the manual testing application.

> 2. Created scene management systems for the following testing applications:
>    - Text rendering
>    - Mouse functionality
>    - Keyboard functionality
>    - Graphics rendering

Reviewer: Refactor to below:

**Reason:**  There is only a single testing application and that is _**VelaptorTesting**_.  The list represents the various scenes and the kind of things that each scene tests.

```suggestion
2. Created a scene management system with scenes to test the following:
   - Text rendering
   - Mouse functionality
   - Keyboard functionality
   - Graphics rendering
```

> 3. Created a scene management system to help easily add new scenes to the testing application.

Reviewer: Remove this item.

This is actually what item 2 is for.

4. Created new abstract control base class named _`Velaptor.UI.ControlBase`_ for the purpose of creating custom controls.
5. Created new _`Velaptor.UI.Label`_ control.
6. Created new _`Velaptor.UI.Button`_ control.
7. Created new _`Velaptor.UI.Textbox`_ control.

>    > ⚠️ - This control is not finished and needs some work.

Reviewer: Remove the hyphen.  The hyphen is for bullet items and this is a note block.

```suggestion
   > ⚠️ This control is not finished and needs some work.
```

8. Added ability to the _`IContent`_ items to know whether or not they have been created using **_Velaptor's_*** content pooling system.
   - This enables the user to know if a content item was created and added to the pooling system or created as a custom instantiation by the user.
9. Added 2 new properties to the controls.
   - _`MouseHoverColor`_ - This is the color that is applied on top of the control during rendering when the mouse hovers over the control.
   - _`MouseDown`_ - This is the color that is applied on top of the control during rendering when the left mouse button is in the down position over a control.
10. Added new boolean property named _`IsPooled`_ to the _`IContent`_ interface and all implementation members.
    - This property value is true if it was created using **_Velaptor's__** content creation system.
11. Created new exception type named _`PooledDisposalException`_.
    - This exception is thrown if an _`IContent`_ item is being disposed when it was created with **_Velaptor's_** content creation system which uses content pooling for performance.

>       > **💡** To know if an item was created in a pool, query the boolean value of the _`IContent.IsPooled`_ property.

Reviewer: You do not need to use the bold syntax for the light bulb.  This is because it is not text but an emoji so it doesn't actually bold.

I am sure that I have made this mistake as well and I will have to stop doing this as well.

Go through all of the release notes and remove any '*' that wrap emojis for note and warning blocks.

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">Other 🪧</h2>
<h5 align="center">(Includes anything that does not fit into the categories above)</h5>

> 1. Cleanedup and refactored inline XML code documentation throughout entire library.

Reviewer: Fix the word `Cleanedup`.

```suggestion
1. Cleaned up and refactored inline XML code documentation throughout entire library.
```
